---
title: Past Participle, Present Participle, Infinitives
computer-lab: false
---

### How do we use the past participle?

p.p. --> Past Participle:
  - broken
  - eaten
  - taken
  - written
  - gone (go)
    - Amanda has gone to America.
  - eaten
    - I am eating breakfast. (Present Progressive Tense)
    - I was eating breakfast. (Past Progressive Tense)
    - I was eaten by breakfast. (Passive Voice)

    - I have eaten breakfast. (Present Perfect Tense)
    - I had eaten breakfast. (Past Perfect Tense)

  - We use the Past Participle form when we want to:
    - use the passive voice (被動)
    - use the perfect tenses (完成時態)




## Section 9

is about infinitives and -ing forms

### infinitive --> to + 原型

不定詞
  - to go
  - to be
  - to eat
  - to write

I want money.
I want to sit down.
I want vegetables.
I want to eat.

### Present Participle: -ing

動名詞

    - I am eating. (Present Progressive)
    - I am singing. (Present Progressive)
    - I am going shopping. (Present Progressive)
    - I was singing. (Past Progressive)
    - He was sleeping . (Past Progressive)

*Smoking* is bad for you.
*Staying up late* is bad for your health.
*Sleeping early* is good for you.
*Studying hard* is good for your exam.

*Studying hard* improves your grades.
*Sleeping* makes me happy.
*Watching Taiwan news* makes me angry.
*Watching Taiwan television* bores me.

My younger sister is used to *late night snacks.*
My younger sister is used to *cold weather.*

My younger sister is used to *cooking dinner*
My younger sister is used to *staying up late.*
My younger sister is used to *shopping.*
My younger sister is used to *eating snacks at night.*
My younger sister is used to *taking showers.*




